# Classes
***Classes*** were introduced in JS ES6 and replaced using the prototypes in OOP. Mechanism left the same but the way of coding is a little bit **improved/changed**.

**Classes** appeared in JS in 2015 but it is not new mechanism. Under new *syntax* there are still *the same constructors **existing.***

**Classes** are the solution from many programming languages. Their introduction makes JS (syntax) more close to the other Object programming languages and the code is more **clearly and easier in writing/coding.** That is why today more JS programist is using *Classes* rather than constructor. But we need to remember that **mechanism is the same.**
**Classes** are onlu a syntax sugar (makes the same but more beautifull).

**Constructor** is a method which is obligatory(obowiązkowy) for classes.

# Differences between Class and Constructor
We can add the *prototypes / methodes* directly into Class, but...

If we want to add any prototype to constructor we need to add it **outside** of the constructor.

## !! Attention
We can  ot create object  without creating class constructor.

*const obj* = {} // literal using the object constructor

*const arr* = [] // literal useng the array constructor
### Examples
##### Constructor
**// Construction function (constructor)**

const Animal = function() {...}

**// Instance of constructor**

const dog = new Animal(...)

##### Class
**// Class plays the role of constructor - is a kind of box for constructor with all it's methodes and parameters.**

class User {...}

**//Instance of Class**

const marek = new User(...)